Add `time-converter` plugin (#925)
Green-Software-Foundation/if: src/if-run/builtins/time-converter/README.md

# Time Converter

> `time-coversion` is a generic plugin for converting energy values from a specifed time unit to a new given time unit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`time-conversion` is a generic plugin for converting yime values from a specified time unit to a new given time unit.
```
